# bulltrue
The idea behind this redo was to go with bigger, friendlier buttons and more strightforward game play. There was a high percentage of people who found the buttons in V1.0 confusing, which was understandable. While I thought that was actually very in tune with the idea behind the game, it's not fun to play if you feel like the game design is undermining your score.

I experimented a ton with button states and animations. Through most of development I had the fact box itself move over to the BULL side or True side. But that threw off the whole design and was abandoned, but gave me an idea for another game where the player is given 10 facts and told ahead of time that half are true and half are false. The player sorts and resorts them until it looks right and then submits the whole thing. Like a matching quiz. Might be worthwhile, but I don't want to spend too much time on design and CSS if it's not where I need to be. Game design is fun though.

Codewise, I built this on an array of objects. I was hoping to expand my understanding of objects, but it ended up not being very different from v1.0 The only real difference is teh syntax for accessing the values. I built in counters for stats and made the game a little bit more responsive to how the player is doing. 

If nothing else, I succeeded in making the buttons bigger, as the are now half of the screen! I also added 10 more facts and made it select them in random order. After FACT #10 the game gives you the chance to either stop and see your stats or to take another 10 to improve your score. The score is now displayed as the percentage of correct answers.

WHAT I COULDN'T GET TO WORK
1) In displayResults the player gets the choice to click the NEXT FACT button to keep playing or click the fact box to end and see their stats. I wanted that click to be anywhere in the fact box, but the event is onlt triggered by a click in the area outside the text. I gave the text an ID and tried several combinations of event listeners, nothing worked
2) I want to put a timer on every round just to add a little urgency and prevent googling answers. Maybe a visible countdown from 10 but slower than seconds, or from 20 and faster than seconds (like the timers in Marioworld games). The idea was for the game to automatically submit an answerr of true if the player doesn't decide for them selves in time. I was able to display a countdown onscreen, but never got it to behave the way I wanted when the time ran out. There is something in the logic of setTimeout that I don't understand.
